
2. On the right hand side of the Figure above, you can see the  Button, which transfers you to the User Manual.
Furthermore, you are enabled to switch between the four tabs - “Backend Info”, “Adapt Job”, “Jobs” and “Services”.

How to explore the Backend capabilities?

3. The "Backend Info" tab provides information about the backend, in the "Backend Description" there is the official
description of the backend. The "Available Collections" let you switch between the available (input) data collections
of the backend, whereas the text field below provides a description of the selected collection. The "Supported Processes"
let you see the supported processes of the backend. By choosing a process in the Combobox, a information button shows you
a description about the process and the table below shows you the possible arguments and their type as well as
an example if provided.

How to prepare a Process Graph?

4. In the "Adapt Job" tab you can load existing jobs, either from the openEO hub or by already existing jobs of your user
at the backend. It will then be displayed in the centered Textfield. If you want to create a complete new Job you can do
so, by clicking on "Create New Job in Web Editor", then your web browser will open up with the openEO web editor. If you
have loaded or copied a process graph in the Textfield you can adapt the extent of the input data used for the job by
clicking on the "Adapt xxx" buttons, there you have build in QGIS features to conviniently change the extent.
When finishing the process graph, you can click on "Create Job/Service" to send the process graph to the backend and
create the job remotely (Note that you have to start the processing manually in the "Jobs").

How to work with existing Jobs?

5. In the "Jobs" tab you see all jobs with their status that you have currently under the logged in user at the backend.
If the status is "submitted" you need to execute it to be able to download the result. If the status is "error" you can
view the error message in the "Error" tab. The Information tab provides meta information about the job execution.
The process graph shows you the graph used to execute the job, you can also load the process graph of an existing
Job by clicking on "Copy and Adapt Job Process Graph in QGIS Plugin" in the bottom of the process graph window.

How to work with existing Services?

6. The "Services" tab works exactly like the "Job" tab. You have all your services listed up. The difference between
services and jobs in openEO is, that services will provide you the data of the current QGIS view, so you can change the
extent of the QGIS view and see the data from there. Note that this is currently in an experimental phase and might cause
time out errors, so you might zoom in to have a small QGIS view extent to prevent this.

